DOCSP-26526: v4.8.0 release updates (#301)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

more about breaking changes in this driver version and how to address 
them, see :ref:`<java-server-release-change-v4.8>`.

Behavioral changes with the 4.8 driver release include:

> - Specification of explicit dependency on the ``org.bson.codecs.record``
>   module if your application deploys the driver in an OSGi container and
>   relies on the driver for encoding and decoding Java records.

Reviewer: Issue: The way this is worded sounds like it's something the driver does for me, but my understanding is that it's now something I have to do 

Suggestion:

```suggestion
- Required explicit dependency on the ``org.bson.codecs.record``
  module if your application deploys the driver in an OSGi container and
  relies on the driver for encoding and decoding Java records.
```

Author: changed to reflect that user must do task

- Logging of new connection messages at the ``DEBUG`` level instead
  of at ``INFO``.

New features of the 4.8 driver release include:

- Added support for authentication with AWS. The driver takes an
  optional dependency on both AWS SDK version 1 and version 2.
- Support for obtaining credentials from the environment for both GCP
  and Azure for in-use encryption.
- Support for deserialization of records containing components with
  generic parameters.
- Support for deserialization of records containing components with more
  specific container types, such as ``SortedSet``, ``NavigableMap``, ``LinkedList``,
  or ``TreeSet``.

> - Support for recursive record types, meaning records whose type
>   definitions contain cycles.

Reviewer: Issue: "meaning" feels a little...casual? Clumsy?

Suggestion:

```suggestion
- Support for recursive record types, records whose type
  definitions contain cycles.
```

Or:

```suggestion
- Support for recursive record types (records whose type
  definitions contain cycles).
```

Or:

```suggestion
- Support for records whose type definitions contain cycles.
```
